Privacy notice

Last updated March 06, 2023


This is notice for Epoxy32 ("Company, "we," "us," "our,"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you:
	- Download and use our mobile application (Keep On Going), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice
	- Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at "lukasvandenbranden@gmail.com".


SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about these topics by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.


What personal information do we process?
We do not process any personal information, neither do we store any personal information.

Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process any personal information, neither do we store any personal information.

Do we receive any information from third parties?
We do not receive any informations form third parties.

What information does Epoxy32 get?
The only information we get is the data we receive from google, no information is given about a specific user.

How do we keep your information safe?
We do not store any personal information, this means there is no data to be stolen.

What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information.

How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by contacting us. you can do this via this mail: Lukasvandenbranden@gmail.com


TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. What information do we collect?
2. How do we process your information?
3. When and with whom do we share your personal information?
4. What are your privacy rights?
5. Do California residents have specific privacy rights?
6. Is our app suitable for childeren?
7. Do we make updates to this notice?
8. How can you contact us about this notice?


1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We do not store any personal information.
We do not collect any personal information.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
We do not process any personal information.
We do not use any personal information.

3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We do not share any personal information.
We do not sell any personal information.

4. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater acces to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.

In some regions (Like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have rights under applicable data protectino laws. These may include the right (i) to request and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact detail in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE" below.

We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protectino supervisory authority. You can find their contacts here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.

If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: hhtps://www.edoeb.admin.ch/en/home.html.

Withdrawing your consent: if we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.

however, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when the applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful procesing grounds other than consent.

if you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at lukasvandenbranden@gmail.com.

5. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding acces to your personal information.

6. IS OUR APP SUITABLE FOR CHILDEREN?
Our app is targeted at both adults and childeren. Our app is compliant with the U.S. Chilren's Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) and E.U General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our app does not have any adult content, api's, no gambling, violence, gore or shocking content.
There are no links to potentially harming websites.
There are no ads shown in the application.
There are in app purchases.

7. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
Yes, we will make updates to this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevent laws.

8. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
You can always contact us via this mail: Lukasvandenbranden@gmail.com.



